All right welcome back.
So in the last video I showed you a process for finding sites and blogs that have a similar content
category and scope or categories.
The topic you're covering are focusing in on and scope just describes.
Is it a broad range of things around that category or is it laser focused on more specific things.
Hopefully you did what I told you to do and you went out and search and you have a few good leads by
now.
If so we can move forward because in this lecture on a dig into this sites and find good topics you
can use for your own content.
Now let's say you provide I.T. support for local businesses.
They contact you when they need a network setup or a printer fax because they can't afford a dedicated
team and you fill that need for the sake of this example let's say you are content category is going
to be customer support.
OK.
That's what you're going to write about how to do great customer support what you can learn from the
support you provide and how customers can benefit from it too.
These gen ideas can attract customers you want because they see how smart you are and it can also attract
other support people out there trying to up their game.
That's your target market.
That's what they're looking for.
So if customer support is your category let's go out to Google and start searching.
OK I'm going to start with customer support blog like we did in the last lecture just to see what comes
up.
Look at one of the first results is a site called Groove HQ.
Do they support people who still love disco.
I don't know I'm not really sure why they're called groove but that's OK let's just give them a look.
Click through.
So I clicked in and I see OK list customer support software at the top.
So I guess that's largely what they do.
And yes I scroll down and I see that they have some articles looks like it's a weekly blog.
They all relate to customer support.
There's stuff about tips support stats techniques.
OK.
So I would definitely make a note of this one.
It's pretty much free in the area we're looking for.
Great that's all I need to know to just write this one down and come back to it later for a deeper dive.
Moving back to the Google results we see another one.
OK.
Help Scout is one unless and it's one of actually heard of.
So let's click through it.
Help scout.
Looks like they've built a customer support platform that tracks interactions provides reports for teams
and a whole lot more.
Basically want to improve the lives of helpdesks and their customers.
This is very relevant.
So on help Scouts blog support is one of their primary categories.
I also see growth and culture.
And overall it doesn't look that Braund But still this still works.
I like to look at this site too.
I'm going to add it to my list.
But this time I want to dig in and check a few posts to see what topics they're running about.
First doing this quick check will sometimes allow you to get ideas as well.
First I'm going to click on the support of customer support trends 2017.
Now I don't know what the support of is.
Seems like maybe it's the name of a series or something like that but I do know what customer support
trends 2017 means.
This would be an example of an industry trends post.
This is one of the topics almost anyone can write about no matter what industry you're in.
So I'm cooking inside and I can see what they've got.
There's a 30 minute video at the top where they offer predictions for chazzan 17 and that's followed
by links to some other prediction posts from around the industry.
So what helps Scott has done here is they've dug into other industry posts looking for predictions data
and insights they could use to create a list relevant to their readers.
They didn't do exhaustive surveys or hire a research firm.
They found what they needed on line.
Link to it and remix it with information they already had.
So could you make an industry trends post for your site.
Absolutely.
One approach is to try what helps Scout debt review existing prediction post and make your own relevant
posts about them.
Some industry post cover way more than is necessary so pick out the relevant bits for yourself and your
audience and create a post just about those specific pieces.
There's a million different ways you can angle this.
One reason I like this is because other sources have already done some of the heavy lifting for you
and it gives you a jumpstart.
Another way to create an industry post is to go straight to the source.
So if you know where to find public data about your industry go there check it out.
Look for trends and make some observations.
Lots of media outlets and major industry blogs do recaps of the end of a calendar year or even a quarter
and predictions at the beginning of each period.
So do a search for 10:16 16 trends or 2017 predictions or whatever year you're watching this in 2017
2019.
And that phrase with your specific topic as part of your search something like Customer Support 2016
trends or mobile app design 2017 predictions.
You should find plenty of posts within those posts you might find charts and data and maybe even links
to the same sources of that data OK you got it.
So that is an industry trends post that we got some inspiration or something we could write about and
I talked a little bit about how we could do it ourselves.
Let's look at something else.
Now I'll go back to that support blog page and here's something interesting.
Help desk.
Tip number 12.
Save time from saved replies from the title you can tell us is a series they write.
Basically it's a tips and tricks post which is another common topic anyone can use.
I did some digging before I made this video and looked through some of the other tips in the series
and I like what they've done.
Each post in the series is short.
Just a few hundred words and it's hyper focused and only includes a few specific steps or details that
you need to explain one thing.
One of the keys for help Skow is that they try to offer a tip that involves their app.
It's not just relevant to general support people but especially for help scout customers.
If you're not one of them and you liked this tip well it's more likely that you'll sign up or at least
try out their service.
So how can you adopt the tips and tricks topic for yourself.
Well a lot of times tips and tricks are nothing more than just a set of steps to follow and that's okay
because you want to create something easy to understand and use.
Like if you owned a car you don't want to know how to build the entire engine.
You just want simple basic tuneups or tweaks to keep it running.
Awesome.
So for the industry your readers are in.
What are those two dumps or tweaks that they would want to know about.
What are some common steps they have to repeat to get work done.
One way you can identify some tips is to look at a big group of tips.
Remember the ultimate guide to being this or doing that that we discussed before.
Well you could pick apart an ultimate guide right about each individual piece of it and you probably
end up with like a dozen posts or like help scout a series of posts.
So go to Google and just search for customer support ultimate guide or whatever your industry is.
Plus ultimate guide and you can see what other people have come up with.
It's another shortcut to just finding something to write about.
I'm going to do a search for customer support ultimate guide and oh look at that groove HQ is back.
Ultimate Guide to customer support training.
Let's check that one out.
Use these tips to turn new hires and seasoned pros alike into masters of support.
Perfect a collection of tips you can pick any one of them.
Offer your own take on it and publish it as a tips and tricks post or sweet.
OK that's tips and tricks.
I would have find one more content topic and that means we're going back to the help scout support blog.
Both of our ideas so far come from them so we're going to ride that hot hand right on through here okay.
Right at the top you see how to communicate with customers during an outage.
Let's click through on that.
That's piqued my interest.
OK.
For customer service teams outages are both a tough day at the office and an opportunity to stand out.
This is very true.
I'm just going to scroll through this so you can see what's here.
There's a video conversation at the top.
There are some elements of great outage communication.
There's a listicle of guidelines for writing great status updates and there's an example of an outage
update language.
Nice.
OK.
So there is a lot of info here for people who sometimes have to deal with outages that convenes their
customers.
What I personally like is that it's all choked up into different formats.
You see we have video we have bullets we have listicle and some other different types of examples.
It makes it a little more interesting to go through and no doubt the customers and the people reading
it probably knows the same thing.
So this is an example of a crisis management post and that is a topic that's relevant to almost everyone
if you actually think about it now.
Crisis might sound like something super serious something like a panicky type word but really all it's
referring to is a problem that unexpectedly impacts a group of customers when a product breaks for instance.
Customers will be inconvenienced.
A Web site could get hacked or have a security breach.
Your app could launch with a bug.
So when something happens.
Customer reactions could range anywhere from mildly annoyed to Pitchfork level rage whatever it is you
need to deal with it.
And that's why hey this is a contant opportunity to help SCO is giving advice to support people so they
can deal with their own customers.
Well what kind of crisis management advice could you potentially offer.
What in your business or your industry could potentially go wrong in an unexpected way.
Remember the crisis in question does it need to be a nuclear warhead headed towards your city.
We're talking about like when websites go down unexpectedly when your phone dies or maybe you're a wrestler
and you've run out of steel chairs.
Lowe's Home Improvement has written posts about how to fix and repair things.
They can certainly qualify as a crisis if you provide support to small businesses.
You can and share tips on what they can do when they lose power or how void it with a generator or other
backup system if you have your own app.
What happens when a customer loses their phone and then needs to re-install the app.
Or what if the app unexpectedly gets deleted or in the case of the new Apple update X. It's not unexpected
or accidental that they deleted they deleted on purpose.
What happens when they do that these crisis posts can be a way to ease their mind especially if it's
a very fixable problem.
You know what's a good format for dealing with a crisis.
A checklist when people are stressed out giving them some structure to follow can really help them out.
Don't make them think too much because in a crisis nobody can think straight.
They just want the answer to their problem.
Now the server is down.
What do we do.
Follow these five steps.
Get it back online.
Oh it's fixed great.
Let's go back to working.
Also known as ping pong.
Help them prepare for the worst.
Or if they're dealing with the crisis now tell them what they need to hear.
All right so there is crisis management.
And we also cover tips and tricks.
And before that we talked to industry trends these topics are really universal.
But if you need a couple more topic ideas you could also just write about your company write about your
culture write about your people your history the problem you want to solve or publish your manifesto
on how remote teams are becoming the future of work like dopes Scout actually did writing about your
company is nice because you're not writing about what you're selling.
And again this is a way that content can be more personal and it lets your customers kind of put their
guard down and trust you or you can write about your customers or clients share great story about a
customer.
A funny lesson you learn through support or share some general data and explains who your customers
are instead of writing about yourself or your product.
You're sharing information about what you've learned through your interactions with your customers.
It's another way to show your personality and that you actually care about working with and helping
people who are paying for your stuff.
All right so you've got five topics right there that you can potentially research and use for your own
site.
There are certainly way more topics out there.
We just got five just by looking at someone's blog and saying hey we could use that topic as well.
You could do that almost with any well-done blog if you're really stuck for ideas.
Also just one last thing.
There are a few content idea generators out there.
They're basically like little forms that you can plug a topic into and it'll spit out ideas for blog
post titles than the titles kind of give you an idea of what to write about.
Now they're are going to write the article for you and they're not going to replace all of the human
creativity you require but they will give you some inspiration.
Now one of them is called Port.
Its content idea generator.
We'll link to it.
Here are the resources.
Check it out.
It's kind of cool.
We can actually look at it real quick.
So when you land on the Web site you just plug in your topic.
What's your category while and you just plug that in here.
I'll just pretend that i'm help scout and I'll plug in customer support because that's my that's my
my topic.
So you're going to see a blog post title.
It's kind of like a slot machine type thing where you can just keep hitting refresh and a new combo
will appear each time.
And well maybe customer support doesn't actually make sense but if you get the point some of it will
absolutely be terrible.
And I'm just going to keep hitting refresh over and over here until I find something that might kind
of get my mind moving.
OK here we go.
This one is kind of interesting how customer support can help you predict the future.
You know I don't actually know where you go with that but if you could write something for it I think
would be kind of interesting.
You know if I were to write a post on that.
Well you know I bet I probably end up doing is customer support if that's your topic and that's what
you really specialize in.
Well they might get requests from users for features.
Right.
And some of those are things you might be able to implement in the future because of support also might
get messages about things competitors offer that you don't.
So you can decide to make changes and support messages might also give you ideas on new products to
pair with your existing product.
So this title could actually turn into a post or maybe it leads to something else but you know the title
got me thinking you could you could write about that using feedback to inform your product roadmap going
forward.
Okay so I wouldn't obviously start with this tool but this is more of you know I've got a total brain
lock type situation I need ideas really quickly.
OK so there you go five topics you can try out with straight industry trends tips and tricks crisis
management you can write about your company and you can write about your customers or your clients if
you need more ideas than just go look at a blog that's in your space or even remotely similar or just
one that you respect and see what else they write about.
Just ask yourself Could I write about that.
But for my industry.
All right guys so get out there and do some research and I'll see you in the next lecture.